---
title: 80_to_80_sr_1       # (Required) Very important for SEO.
description: NetServer web service changes v8.0 to v8.0 SR1 # (Required) Important for SEO.
author: Tony Yates             # Your GitHub alias.
so.date: 03.01.2016
keywords:
so.topic: generic          # article, howto, reference, concept, guide

# Optional fields. Don't forget to remove # if you need a field.
so.envir:
so.client:
---

# NetServer web service changes: v8.0 to v8.0 SR1

One of the biggest challenges with supporting multiple version schemes has been tracking a growing catalog of assemblies for each new version of endpoints.

During the initial Online development beta phase, all partners were recommended to use the NetServer web service assemblies provided in example app downloads. At that time, a majority of customers were still running SuperOffice version v7.3. In incremental waves, SuperOffice Online just started migrating customers onto SuperOffice v7.5, and it was decided that all partner apps must wait for all customers to be on version 7.5 before partner apps were allowed to use the v7.5 endpoints. This general policy still applies to newer versions as well.

Even when SuperOffice CRM Online began to support both v7.3 and v7.5 web services, we continued to recommend partners to use the v7.3 endpoints because we knew those worked well, and not all customers had yet been upgraded to v7.5. In time, all customers were updated to SuperOffice v7.5, and then we began recommending partner apps target v7.5 services as well.

Since all partners using NetServer web service proxies **should** write code against non-version specific data types in the `SuperOffice.CRM.Services` namespace, located in the *SuperOffice.Services.dll*, the only real change for online partners was to ensure they had the latest SuperOffice.Services75 assemblies. For online partner applications, the online team only needed to change their app settings to receive the v7.5 endpoint URL instead of v7.3.

For v7.5 onsite applications, which already had the latest assemblies, the only change consisted of specifying the target version in the `<SuperOffice><Services>RemoteBaseURL` configuration setting.

## Dependencies in 8.0

When SuperOffice v8 was first released, the growing list of required assemblies included:

* SoBatchProcessing
* SuperOffice.AAAMock.Services
* SuperOffice.AAAMock.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.­Audience.Services
* SuperOffice.Audience.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.DCF
* SuperOffice.DCF.Serv­­ices
* SuperOffice.DCF.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.Messaging
* SuperOffice.Messaging.Services
* S­uperOffice.Messaging.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.Services
* SuperOffice.Services.Implementat­i­on
* SuperOffice.Services.WcfProxy
* SuperOffice.Services73.Contract
* SuperOffice.Services73
* SuperOffic­e.Services73.Wcf
* SuperOffice.Services75.Contract
* SuperOffice.Services75
* SuperOffice.Services75.Wcf
* S­uperOffice.Services80.Contract
* SuperOffice.Services80
* SuperOffice.Services80.Wcf
* SuperOffice.Servic­es81.Contract
* SuperOffice.Services81
* SuperOffice.Services81.Wcf

To target a specific endpoint version, the application only needed to set the `<SuperOffice><Services>RemoteBaseURL` configuration setting accordingly. For example, the URL `http://<superoffice-web>/remote/services75` tells NetServer Services to use the version 7.5 endpoints, and NetServer Services would therefore load and use the Services75 assemblies. The URL `http://<superoffice-web>/remote/services80` would then target and load version 8.0 assemblies.

That was the idea anyway. This worked for earlier releases (v7.3 and v7.5), but the initial release of SuperOffice 8 could only use SuperOffice.Services80 assemblies. Anyone who uses the version **8.0.5828.1101 assemblies** must use the `http://<superoffice-web>/remote/services80` URL, or else will likely experience WCF proxy exceptions. Because of this, the `SuperOffice.NetServer.Services` NuGet package version 8.0.5828.1101 only includes the SuperOffice.Services80 assemblies.

## Dependencies in 8.0 SR1

Over the festive Christmas holidays, Jens was head down busy coding a better future for all NetServeritizens. In the latest 8 SR1 release, the dependency list of NetServer Service assemblies looks slimmer, more like this:

* SoBatchProcessing
* SuperOffice.AAAMock.Services
* SuperOffice.AAAMock.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.­Audience.Services
* SuperOffice.Audience.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.DCF
* SuperOffice.DCF.Serv­ices
* SuperOffice.DCF.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.Messaging
* SuperOffice.Messaging.Services
* Su­perOffice.Messaging.Services.Implementation
* SuperOffice.Services
* SuperOffice.Services.Implementati­on
* SuperOffice.Services.Versioned.Contract
* SuperOffice.Services.Versioned
* SuperOffice.Services.Wcf
* S­uperOffice.Services.WcfProxy

Without going into detail, I'll just sum up the changes by saying that version-specific functionality has been consolidated and partitioned in a way that makes sense, is easier to maintain, and facilitates targeting any version integrations require.

The latest [SuperOffice.NetServer.Services NuGet package][1], for 8.0 SR1, version 8.0.5893.1015, contains the second list assemblies. Although this package can work with pre-existing SuperOffice NetServer web service installations, this package is only intended for standalone applications that exist outside of the SuperOffice execution environment.

Onsite integrations, specifically plugins that are hosted inside the execution context of SuperOffice (win, web, service events), must use the assembly versions that match the onsite installation version.

I hope you find this information useful and provides a heads up for those transitioning to SuperOffice 8.0 SR1.

<!-- Referenced links -->
[1]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/SuperOffice.NetServer.Services/
