---
title: NetServer 3.1 (March 2008)
uid: whats_new_31
description: NetServer 3.1 Released March 2008
author: {github-id}
so.date: 11.05.2016
keywords:
so.topic: reference
---

# NetServer 3.1 (March 2008)

Released as part of SuperOffice web 6.2. This NetServer got a separate release, due to Christian Mogensen being slow in the head.

## Reporter

The ODBC reporter is wrapped up inside NetServer now, for backward compatibility, and to make reports available on SuperOffice web.

## SOAP (web services)

### SOAP Namespace

The SOAP Namespace changed since the version number is encoded in the XML namespace. You will need to regenerate SOAP proxies that reference the NetServer services.

### SOAP Serialization

The serialization format for the SOAP messages has changed, so you will need to regenerate any web-reference proxies you have.

The `tablerights` enum has been replaced with a SHORT that contains the bit flags. So instead of INSERT, you now get the value 1.

Each carrier has a `TableRight` property which consists of a `Right` and a `Reason` property.

The `Right` property is a 16-bit integer which is the bit representation of the user’s table rights for the current carrier.  Each value in the following list represents a bit in the table right enumeration:

* None = 0
* Select = 1
* Update = 2
* Insert = 4
* Delete = 8
* Filtering = 16
* RestrictedUpdate = 32
* Uninitialized = 128

You can find more information about [calculating table rights][1] in the SOAP section.

#### Known issues

* There is a bug in the SOAP serialization of the `Archivelist` so that the column data values are serialized with an extra container XML element. This causes problems for Java clients.

* The .Net framework contains a bug that causes TimeSpan properties to be serialized as empty values.

## 3.1 SR1

Released November. 2008 containing mainly bug fixes.

Audience support. Sentry logic for external users.

### SOAP Namespace

The namespace for the SOAP messages remains unchanged from 3.1

### Serialization fixes

TimeSpan fields on appointment are now serialized properly. The .Net framework contains a well-known bug that means that TimeSpan properties are not serialized correctly. This is now worked around on the implementation side so that TimeSpans are serialized as integers.

Archive column data is now serialized according to the WSDL contract. An extra XML element was inserted into the SOAP message, causing Java clients to fail to read the data contained in the SOAP response.

<!-- Referenced links -->
[1]: ../../security/sentry/services/tableright.md
