---
title: whats_new_71
description: NetServer 7.1
author: {github-id}
so.date: 11.05.2016
keywords:
so.topic: reference
---

# Improvements in 7.1

* The `IUserCredentialPlugin` authentication plugin API changed for better scalability. Using AD authentication with large trees/forests is much better now. We no longer attempt to enumerate all groups in the tree.

* ArchiveProvider rows now implement `IDataRecord` for simpler data binding and reading.

* Two new module licenses have been added:
  * `SuperOffice.AdAuth` enables the ActiveDirectory plugin
  * `SuperOffice.Solo`the SOLO license enables the eLearning menu

* ArchiveProviders can now expose event meta-data to the client, allowing the archive provider fine-grain control of what the UI should do in response to clicks.

* The Associate Cache has a new function to look up if a person is an associate.

* Project guide and sales guide are supported using [archive providers][1], helper classes, and on the `Appointment` agent. `AppointmentEntity` has an `IsMileStone` property, to support the new project guides

* Person entity now has Chat and VoIP properties.

* Project status and project type are now linked, much like sale type and sale status were linked in 7.0.

* Row objects now support `INotifyPropertyChanged`!

* `Row.SetDefaults` now allows control over how much defaulting to do.

* Rows collections now support `IBindingList` and `INotifyCollectionChanged` and `IEnumerable`.

* `SOPreference` cache lifetime is now controllable.

## WFC

* WCF serializer improvements. Data Contract Attributes!

<!-- Referenced links -->
[1]: ../archive-providers/reference/index.md
