# SuperOffice APIs 9.2 R08 update

## Chatbot – CRMScript Chatbots

Chatbots are CRMScripts that can interact with chat sessions. Chatbot functionality in SuperOffice requires the AI license. This enables the Chatbot tab in chat administration.

Chatbots are folders that contain one or more CRMScripts with names that fit a pattern:

...bot register... signals the presence of a chatbot in the folder.

...bot session create... is called when a new chat session starts.

...bot session change... is called when the chat session changes state.

...bot message receive... is called when a new message is received.

The names of the scripts must follow this pattern, but they allow any prefix or suffix you want. echobot register, my bot registered, and BotRegister are all acceptable names for the registration script.

The CRMScripts are not called after the chatbot hands the session off to the queue for human processing. The bot message receive script is only called for incoming messages.

This removes the need for a bunch of book-keeping logic, simplifying the bot scripts.

[Read more about chatbots][1].

## New options for bLogic chart element

New Map keys for `addSeries`:

* seriesType
* yaxis2

New actions:

* setX2Label
* setY2Label
* setY2Min
* setX2Max
* setAllowY2AxisDecimals
* setY2AxisInterval

See [bLogic reference][2] for details.

<!-- Referenced links -->
[1]: ../../../docs/en/automation/chatbot/index.md
[2]: ../../../docs/en/ui/blogic/reference/chart.md

<!-- Images -->
