# SuperOffice APIs 9.2 R03 update

## WebHooks – Include contact_id and person_id in activity.deleted

With the introduction of soft-deletes, the contact and person deleted webhooks were "broken". These events will fire when the entity has been permanently removed from SuperOffice.

* `contact.deleted`
* `person.deleted`

Because API consumers may still want to be notified and manage soft-deletes, the following 2 new webhooks have been introduced:

* `contact.softdeleted`
* `person.softdeleted`

Added `Values` property to webhook for deleted events, to hold ID values from the original record (if available). Deleted activities will now retain contact and person ID values. This will allow you to see which company or person the deleted activity was connected to.

For more info, see [announcement in the forums][1] and [webhook reference][2].

## WebHooks – Project member triggers/webhooks

Once you delete a project member, the **Number of project members** field is automatically updated and does not require scripting.

Deleted activities will now retain contact, person, project, and sale ID values. This will allow you to see which company, person, project, or sale the deleted activity was connected to.

## Prefix changes on date/time

Since serialization of arbitrary objects is somewhat problematic – that’s why we have JSON, BSON, XML, ASN.1, and what-have-you – we decided to make our own, self-identifying format for archive values. In our code, it lives in the beautifully named class `CultureDataFormatter`, and we use it all over the place, particularly in the archive providers. Both values going out through DisplayValue and values coming in view `ArchiveRestrictionInfo.Values[]` use this format.

Also check out the [blog post][3].

<!-- Referenced links-->
[1]: https://community.superoffice.com/en/technical/forums/general-forums/announcements/upcoming-webhook-event-changes/
[2]: ../../../docs/en/automation/webhook/reference/index.md
[3]: https://community.superoffice.com/en/technical/blogs/archive/changes-in-9.1r3-date-time-and-datetime-in-archive-providers/

<!-- Images -->
