---
uid: news-marketing-11.6
title: Marketing 11.6 update
description: Release notes. What's new in SuperOffice Marketing 11.6
keywords: marketing
author: kirstiaa
date: 11.03.2025
version: 11.6
content_type: release-notes
category: Marketing
license: # salesessentials, salespremium, serviceessentials, servicepremium, marketingessentials, marketingpremium (one or more user plans)
functional_right: # such as knowledge-base
audience: person
audience_tooltip: SuperOffice CRM
---

# Marketing 11.6 update

Lead management - Essential = Category for lead + Lead status
  Company/contact category for Lead - Essential
Lead source tracking - Premium
UTM builder - Premium
Board view - Lead board
Dashboard for Lead - Essential

## UTM / Lead source tracking

To understand which channels (e.g., Facebook, email, ads) that drives engagement and conversions, and to measure the effectiveness of a marketing campaign, our users needs more information about where the leads are coming from. Being able to attribute a new contact to the correct source will provide a clearer picture of the impact of marketing activities, and help our marketing users in making data-driven decisions.

Track lead sources using UTM parameters
You’re hosting a webinar and want to track where they signed up from. Both contacts registered for the same event (product_launch_webinar). One came from a customer email, the other from a paid ad.

Focus areas:

* Enable saving of UTM data through Global preference
* Enable UTM data support only for Marketing Premium
* Get hold of the UTM data and transfer the information to your SuperOffice upon form submission
* Ensure quality on UTM data by enforcing a few automated rules before saving the data
* Saving the “first touch UTM data” and the “lead creation UTM data” as contact source information
* Saving the last known UTM data as form submission source information
* Saving “first touch UTM data” and “lead creation UTM data” on company
* Offer UTM properties as search criteria and columns on contact and company
* Show UTM data in contact card – Edit legal basis dialog
* UTM data fields in screen designer for Contact and Company
* Admin - Marketing panel for conversion tracking
* Simple url builder for users linking directly to Forms
* correction of utm data if misspelled, or different terms have been used by mistake
* Dashboard library tiles focusing on lead sources

Read more about UTM tracking.

## Lead management

To help our customers manage their leads more effectively, we aim to improve visibility into how leads progress through the sales funnel in SuperOffice CRM. Currently, many customers rely on company categories to indicate customer types, like prospect/customer/selling partner. We would like to make it more visible that categories can also be used for tracking lead engagement or readiness to buy.

Some focus areas:

* Group company/contact categories
* Lead statuses - To formalize the lead qualification process, a sales team should be able to differentiate between "new" and "in progress" leads, and also to disqualify those leads which are not relevant to proceed with for various reasons.
  * Enable lead status on category level
  * Extend categories with lead status information
  * Lead statuses as a customizable list in Settings and maintenance
* Lead status as search criteria
* Lead, Marketing qualified lead and Opportunity as standard categories
* Search criteria for category group

Read more about Lead management.

<!-- Referenced links-->

<!-- Referenced images -->
